 Any questions? Sorry about that guy. I said, I'd taste somebody down. Well, they love the old. This is random, but did anybody see the arrest on one of 5th Street few hours ago? No, it was in front of building. Yeah, like, like, hand cop car showed up and the guy was running and they tackled into the ground and like 20 cops piled on top of them. It was pretty wild. Oh, shit. I'm sorry. I missed that. Did you, did you record it? No, I should have. I was kind of enjoying the, the entertainment. No, dying. All right. I think everybody's in. Hi, everyone. Hey, how are you? Hello. Hey. Hi. Hi. Hey. Is this spring switch? I'm sorry guys is my screen being shared. We can't really tell. Yeah, we can see it now. Yeah, we can see it now. Is it the agenda? Yeah. It just looks different. My side. So here. Make sure. All right, let's just go right into it. Call to order 637. Um. Do you need to review the minutes? From August 21st, maybe. Yeah, can we flip through it? So I haven't got it. Yeah, it's on the screen. Just let me know when you want to go down. Yeah. Looks good on land. Another page. Can I go to the next page? Yeah, I'll go. I'm just going to go to the next page. If you need my vote, I'm good. Just one more person. Chris, you wrote them. So I've got to go down. You guys can. Good on my end. And I'll just go out and see what happens. It's a September 18, which is today. Operating account is at 125,000, 300 and 11 dollars savings account is at 5,189. Business checking, 2000 CD account 112, 204. And mature as September 24th. I don't know if you guys have thought about that. Should I keep in mind, right? The link we see is at 25,000, 575, open payables is at 4.99. As always, let's just go real quick through the... And let's just... Sorry, Eugene. Sorry. I was just gonna say that I'll check in with our Chase. Agent about the maturation. If we need two people who would the second person be, we might need to go in into the office to re-renew, not sure. Depends on... I'm okay on weekends. Okay, I'll see. I'll see when she's... I'm gonna say, usually, do you need two people to renew? Usually, you need two people if you're gonna take it all out and do that type of stuff. Maybe just have a check in case... We need two people twice now. So, but I'll check. So... And thank you. I'll see what she says and see what the availability is. And Chris, if you wanted to, before you check, you could also check online to see what the CD rates right now, the monthly yield and it tells you what the best rates are. Yeah, six months, 12 months. Yeah, exactly. I think last time I checked, it was a four or five month at four percent. Okay. You know, that's always good to look at that, to have that discussion with us. Yeah, thank you. The link, we see, one W Pedro is at five, seven, 22. I'm not sure for me to check that. Yeah. Casa, 16,368. And Lorraine Baez is at 190. I believe the 180, I was looking into that, it was a look like a strange amount. I think there's a couple of late fees that were tacked on because they pay the wrong amount in two separate months. But I put that on our notes to contact them, just so that, you know, they've always been at a zero balance. But when we, I don't know what the rates with section A changed, they're not paying a little bit more. I'm not looking for Jones payment agreement. She's at 2003 or 2009. She has not made a payment as agreed this month, because she was called yesterday. And she said that she will make the payment. And then with the Pedro situation, we can discuss it above, as well as, you know, class. Any questions? Yeah, you're just a quick question on the payment, new payment agreement regarding the Tifa. I think we touched based on and some level of penalty was that introduced to this new agreement? Well, it's not, when you say level of penalty, if she breaks the agreement, you can start charging her late fees and doing that type of stuff and not agree to another payment agreement. And she would need to try to pay everything at once. At that point, you know, the only penalty that you can have, as far as these payment agreements is, you know, you've altered and you can be taken a court. Okay. Yeah, we're trying to avoid the court thing. That's why we do this thing. Again, you know, we're trying to stay on top of them, but it's, you know, that's why I mentioned, she was called yesterday, she said that she will, she will be making the payment. I don't know if you guys wanna track down late fees, right? Because technically, if you alter on the payment agreement, you can be, you can get a late fee. Yeah, I feel like that the late fee is reasonable if the payments can delay, every single, what she's getting, probably the second or third payment agreement now. Yeah, yeah. And I know about you guys. What do you guys think? But I also think that, you know, adding stuff on it might make it more difficult, right? So if she pays before the other one, I don't think we should put a, a, a, a, a, a, a lay payment, right? Right, yeah, if she does pay for the end of the month for this one, yeah. Is everybody, anybody else will come with that or? No, I guess let's see if she commits to this. Yeah, let's see what happens, right? All right, age payables, not much here. Just 49, right? You know, the exterminator. Iglorus, which is the hardware store that we use for you guys. I believe that was the paint stuff like that that are or are used to paint the, the structure on the roof. Any questions? Not good. Next item, the regulatory compliance supports submitted by you have. Eric. Just wanted to double check if he was invited to this meeting, could say, I think he was. Yeah, I was hoping he would be here today. Yeah. So next item, three legal section eight. Trial is still set for 92625, which is next Friday. We had a conversation with the intern today. They were in court earlier this week. I want to say Tuesday 16th. And he was able to get the, you know, the subpoena and all that stupid stuff that Kasa was doing. He was able to get that thrown out. So he shouldn't be reaching out to you guys anymore. And I have to show up in court and testify on this case. There are a couple of questions that he has for Naisha, who was the prime manager from Ezra for your building. She and I need to get together and get some of his items. His whole thing is that he's facing that. He should be paying 250 dollars per month. Prior to him getting section eight, which is totally not what it should be, right? Because everybody else. Even after section eight, if you didn't get half section eight, you were getting 986. And that was based on, you know, I think it was 2023. And he's been there. For a couple of years now. And, you know, it's not, it's not the built in sport that he was just able to get section eight now. Even though he was being charged with our turbo. But we have to just find documentation to support, you know, why is right or sorry, his maintenance should not be 250 dollars is the claims. Do you have any questions? I mean, this is good to start the trial next Friday. Do you think you have any issue speaking to the previous manager? No, no, we were all in the phone together today. And we just need to find some documents, you know, supporting documents. Like we know we know what we're saying is true. But the attorney says we need documents that support it. So we're trying to get the stuff from Genesis. She has a contact over there. Maybe the attorneys over there can help. But we're working on that. And, you know, we might even have the items in our emails because I said to her that, for her to check her emails from before I took over because I wasn't included in a lot of that stuff. But she's going to be worth it. Next item, Pedro Hernandez, the actively seeking to rent the apartment. I submitted an application. I wasn't too confident about that application. You know, multiple things. It's Canadian resident. And also the money. I saw the money and I was like, this person looks like she makes the money. But it's a good thing. I, you know, even if it's 120% Emanuel as Eric has said or 110, this other person that I have makes around 70,000 a year. Maybe a little more. And I forgot what it is that she does. She's a junior architect, I think, is what I saw real quick. But I have to like review the stuff, the application and send it to you guys. Are you guys to check it out? Okay. Yeah, I wasn't like super on board with the first advocate. Okay. Thanks, Eugene. Yeah, that makes sense. And yeah, no, I'm glad that we were able to figure out the requirements. And one thing that I was looking is that it looks like in the regulatory agreement, we also have to get approval from Eric. So just something to keep in mind. Once we find the applicant, I think we also need written approval from Eric. And by, he said that basically the main things were just the income that he said, it should have, it should be 120% of AMI. And then the length of the lease cannot be more than 18 months. And so that's something to keep in mind because I think the proprietary lease had two years, but we have to follow the regulatory agreement. All right. And I'll get that to you guys. That's probably either after the meeting or by tomorrow. I have to put it all together. You know, when they send an application at the branch of files, I just have to put it together and send it to you guys. Well, Tifa Jones, we've discussed. Launcher room is here. You know, $120 was made last month. And it's just always here so that you guys see. The maintenance increase, 2% maintenance increase, letter was sent out. That 2% increase should take effect or will take effect the October, October 1st. And again, I just put it here so that, you know, if you guys ever are looking for anything that's discussed, chances are it's on the agenda. That's right. That's why I like to add some of those things here. The letter is added here as well as the resolution. Building maintenance repair. The RPG, the work was completed as you know, as for our last meeting. I just kept it here because of the, you know, there was a warranty that you guys want to meet or look into. For parts like this, I was just told that there's a one year warranty on the part. And there's also one year warranty on the labor. Hopefully, you know, nothing happens. Well, that's it. You know, I was able to get them to send me the warranty. Just so that you guys were aware of you. You know, again, you know, again, it's under packet here. So you guys can look at it later. Or just have it for general knowledge, right? The structure and the rules, the work was complete. I don't know if you guys had a chance to look at it. Arthur was able to get that in a time-to-minute. Yeah, the only thing that I noticed on that is that it looks like there is still a lot of the things that he used up there. So there is like a, the, the... thing that I noticed on that is that it looks like there is still a lot of the things that he used up there. So there is like a paint can and like so the I love the surprise of brushes. Yeah, like all of that stuff is still up there and it's been like a week. So just when you have a chance to talk to him, just let him know so that he can pick up that stuff. Okay. Um, Next item, basically water filtration. I don't think I have you guys noticed anything according to art that there's There's been no more water coming into the building. No, I haven't noticed anything. I have not. Okay. So he also remember you want to me to speak to him about impossible painting the basement. He said he charged $450 to paint the entire basement. Is that something you want? I don't think it's expensive at all. It says something that you guys were considered. I mean, that sounds reasonable to me and I do want that floor painted because I do feel like it looks, I don't know, it doesn't look good with that concrete exposed and I feel like the paint also provides a little bit of protection to that concrete. Is it just the floor? I think it's okay. I mean, it's okay to just have it painted. Yeah. Yeah. Chris. Yeah. So you've 450 just for that piece of the floor. Yeah. But I don't think I asked him if it's only that small floor area, but he said it's pretty much all the floor. He would do it. Okay. Yeah. The entire hall would. That sounds good. All right. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. He did. And he said that I should scan the code in the machine. I just having had a chance to go downstairs, but I'll give that a try. And if it doesn't work, then I'll send him another message. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. All right. Similar for anybody else who's having an issue, right? That's probably the easiest way to go about it. Just scan the code. Liberty pest control. It's just here. It's a good thing. It's just a reminder. They're out there this Saturday. Just in case. The house rules, the final notice for set last time. With the. You know, with the. Pilation rates and fees and that type of stuff. Excitement is apartment 3E. And this is a super important item. I didn't want to share with you guys. The letter that the attorney wrote. But I. I. I'm going to send it to you guys after the meeting just because we had a conversation with the attorney. According to him, the letter that Genesis. Sure. The letter that Genesis sent to. Talbot. What's in the letter saying, you know, that she that the apartment is ready for it to move back in. It was more of a letter saying that she owes $4,700. And based on that, you know, if she doesn't pay it. Like her tendency or whatever is going to be finished. It's going to. But he's saying that according to the. To the. To the. Separary relocation agreement. They were supposed to give her notice. That the apartment was ready for her to move in. Now each and I have to speak and will I. But notice was given, right? I mean, obviously, because other people came in. But we just have to double check and try to find that. So that they can appropriately change this letter. Because according to this letter, he's saying that if. Under letter, he's writing if he pays $11,500 or something in that. That she can come back into the building and I was like, hold on a sec. You know, at the. I'm sorry. Now she can say there must have been a letter before that. Yeah. All the prior. Prior renters. Dominique, you would know this best. Because you're where I'm. Is one of the prior renters. You know, everybody had to receive a letter saying, you know, your apartment is ready. And I remember this stuff wouldn't when. You know, movers came to the building, right? Because, uh, genesis and then they paid for that stuff. Um, put a notice and then we'll come back. Everybody had to receive notice. Um, Dominique, do you remember what you received just so that I know maybe what I'm looking for? Dominique. Yes, I'm still here. I'm sorry, guys. I'm listening to you guys anyway. No, so I'm asking you since your your grandmother's, uh, part of the original or, you know, original renters in the building. When she was, yeah, when she was relocated to another building, remember while the construction was going on, do you remember when you went, they moved everybody out to different building? Yes. When, when she came back, how did you guys know that the, uh, that the apartment was ready? You received a notice, right? A letter. And yeah, yeah. They showed, um, Jamila showed us the apartment, how it was going to look. And then let me show you a link to our landing. How the apartment was going to look. And because that, uh, they all, um, most of the paperwork was swedled. So my grandmother was in the floor before and then I made the switch to the to do you, you know. And then from there, they, they show, they show when my grandfather was alive, they show us the, the planner of the building, how the apartment was going to look. Yeah. And then that's all before. Yeah. Like my question is more when you guys, when she was at the other building, how does she know it was time for her to come back? I think they're, they say on the letter, I think it, uh, it being a lot of years. Yeah, I mean, it makes sense that they sent a letter. Um, but you mentioned in Jamila that makes me, yeah, as, you know, she might be the person that would know. Hey, Jamila was the one that helped me with the section A to fill out the application for my grandmother because I didn't know, none of that stuff. So she had office and right there right here in my, in my hand. Okay. Can we say, yeah, no claim to Avenue. You could say, yeah, no. And of course, yeah, office. Before. Okay. Now, which of people's contact? I'm sorry. So you have a question. I was just going to ask, was everybody kind of moved to the same building or did, did, did people disperse? No, everybody was a different location like my grandmother was in 109. Casa was in 160 and, uh, and Douglas around there and, who else? And the other one, Lorraine, she was in 106 in between Columbus and right in the next block. I don't know the other stream. Yeah. Like everybody was different area. So they must have, they must have gotten a letter. And everybody moved, not everybody moved at the same time either. Yeah. I feel people moved by first time and then like that. I remember the moon. You know, those, those things. Yeah. Um, it was, it was a lot of things because when my grandmother was moving back, they saw a lot of things from the storage that I was missing from my grandfather. But it's okay. Everything, you know, it doesn't matter now. Yeah. Yeah. And I probably, in the wrong floor. Yeah. So, uh, so that's what we, we need to locate that letter that was sent out to everybody saying that it was ready. You know, the problem is that at the time she was also in, in, not in compliance, right? She owed the money to Genesis for the temporary apartment. Go wish up on him. Wherever, uh, Elizabeth was that. We're talking about a list, not your mother now. Talking about the three, uh, three. Yeah. Three. Yeah. They have to pay for that temporary housing. Yeah. I think, uh, I think what they were paying, um, was like $250. Okay. Is this, is that what, is that what Constance talking about as well? Is that, uh, yeah. I think I think, I think, originally when these, when they came back, some of them were paying $250,000 for a very short period onto the section eight, uh, kicked in. Once the section eight kicked in, um, you know, it was based on the 2052, um, but those who were not using section eight, their payments were based on $9.86. Um, but he's trying to say that he should be, uh, $250 until he got his section eight. But it's, it's not anybody, it's only his fault that he didn't get section eight at first. Number one, and it's only his fault that he was able to, uh, come back in seven months later. You can see he also did not, um, you know, live up to his, uh, agreement, but he actually came back three, three years of different situation because she totally did not come back. I think we need to find similar records for both. All right. You know, something, you know, he was, he was, he was supposed to keep on when he's rents, when he was living in the other farm in the other location. But he don't have this issue that he owed this money, you know. Yeah, that's, that's what it is. You know, money, you know, money over there to Genesis for the temporary location. And until that got resolved, they didn't want to let him back in. I think at the end, the end of the way. He was the last one to move in. Yeah, he moved in seven or nine months after everybody else was already in. Oh, I'm sorry, after all the original renters move back. So you think they waived his back? I think they, yeah, I think they might have waived it. I don't have any proof of that. And they might have waived it just to be in compliance with the whole project, right? Because they wanted to get nearly everybody back in. And he wanted to get back in. Uh, I don't know if they just ate the money, right? Like, quite the hands claim not to, uh, not to face big relations, right? Um, that's that's what the cases would be. Yeah, and one thing that I noticed also by looking at the rail with the agreement is that we do have to sell the apartment. We're not allowed to rent it per that agreement. And so hopefully we can get to the point soon and then we can market it. And in salad. Is that what the regulatory agreement says? Yeah. Okay. The other items that just need represent, you know, the such an A thing. Um, um, Dominique's, uh, transfer, uh, where spokesman, she's here also. So you think certain situation is going to get strengthened out in the next month. So she'll need at least another month. Um, and we can discuss again the next meeting. Um, um, a homeowner, rentary insurance compliance, uh, we did not get too many, uh, too many, uh, insured, uh, certificates back, right? I'm actually, I literally just emailed mine back. Sorry, sorry, Vardilay. No, no problem. But I, I spoke to one of the people here that's handling that for me. And I said, you know, they've been pretty busy. So I said, I kind of looked at the list and this like almost everybody pending, pending, pending. So I asked them to reach back out to everybody. I think they were hitting everybody back, uh, today. But we're keeping track of that. There's also a tracker that we have that I'm going to share with everybody. If we haven't done already, which is going to show you, uh, who has submitted it, who doesn't have it, who, who we're waiting for. Um, so that you guys are updated as, as it changes. Um, and that's really it. And if you do the share of the wells, that's on here just as, uh, pinpoint. Well, I had one question. Um, so the rental unit, uh, I was just curious how the, the rate is being set for, for that. And if there's anything in the regulatory agreement about it. Well, the rate, I said it as 10% because every, um, um, every regulatory agreement and proprietary, proprietary, used before, what ATFCs, that's the maximum that they used to allow. I wasn't, 10% above what? Above the 2052, which is the legal, uh, payment that he needs to come up with, right? Um, which just brings it over to the 2250 or something like that. Uh, technically you can charge a lot more, but, uh, you know, I wanted to keep it at 10%. Um, even if the regulatory agreement says you can go higher. Um, because that's, that's what I've always seen. I can double check what Eric and it should be fine. Um, yeah, I was just curious because it seemed like there was no cap on that. It was just the cap on the, on the AMI. Yeah. And also a question on that now that I remember. And Eric also mentioned that this will likely result in, and I think it's like determination of federal section 8 or at least some negative effects on that. Is federal aware of that? Yeah, he's aware. Okay. He's also to the point where if it gets taken away because remember we had a discussion of section 8 gets taken away. Yeah, he'll basically pay the same amount. Yes. So he's okay with that. Okay. I just suggest that he doesn't get rid of it because you don't know. It's an extra income for the building and you never know if he's going to need it, right? So I told him for the meantime to keep it. And then, you know, once this goes through or whatever happens, like he's prepared to lose it like he really doesn't. You know, he feels that it's he feels that it's a hindrance because it's been the jobs that he can't take because he's worried about the section 8. Yeah, yeah, that doesn't make a lot of sense. All right. And then the other thing of new business, I noticed that there is, you know how there is this like rubber cover on some of the steps of the main staircase. I've noticed that some of them are a little bit loose. So I'm going to send you some pictures just so that you can, I don't know, maybe ask Arthur to look into that because I feel like it could be potential big liability if anyone falls down those steps whether that's a shareholder or like a delivery driver or something like that. So I'll send you pictures of that. Yeah. Yeah, we had that before. That's a regular thing. Yeah, I think this is different ones. And by, I feel like maybe the heat or something is just like the, I don't know, the adhesive is not as strong, I don't know, but just something to keep an eye out for. Yeah, and you guys walk the stairs every day so you guys will be more familiar. So if you see any of that type of stuff, you know, just take a picture and say which floor it is, which stuff I never go past too. So I don't know what's going on up there. I've only been in the roof once and that was the day I first came into the building. So I'm going to have to take your word for it that it's, you got painted up there. You don't want to go to the roof? Backyard is good enough. Too much climbing. Any, any other new business? Anybody wants to discuss? And, and then one last thing on my end, I mean, I think the other thing that had been on my mind for a while was how to answer two cassas, multiple letters, but I think that got settled with the lawyer just telling us not to provide him anything. But Jesus shame because I feel like, I don't know, a lot of the things that he's saying there are just not true and I don't want other shelf-holeers to even think about those things, but yeah, but at this point, I think we should just follow the attorney's counsel. Well, he didn't say for us, like if you wanted us, remember, that's my original suggestion, what's the right, like a notice or a letter explaining what the situation is. You know, this is a case that's being handled in court. There's a bunch of stuff being said that is not sure. The board is, it's not, but because it is a court case, it can only be handled in court with the attorney. I don't think anybody's buying it in the building. So it doesn't seem like something we need to address. Okay. Okay. Let's just say I would say, all right, yeah, no, then I would say, let's ignore for now and yeah. Yeah, on that, Eugene just want to ask you for opinion or maybe it's an Eric topic. So what kind of information would you say, legitimately open to be disclosed to the entire shareholders, and what kind of information that we're discussed during the meetings should be kept confidential? I mean, I think when there's a very specific things regarding who's in court and why and money and how much they owe, that type of stuff should be kept confidential. But as far as most of the stuff that we're discussing, repairs and all these other things, that's pretty much okay to share. Like you could even share that Pedro is, you know, renting his apartment. I had to get on the phone. I believe it was a Saturday with the nephew of, I want to say, one E because the broker was trying to show the apartment. And they were all up in arms about, you know, trying to stop them from showing the apartment. You know, you can't rent this apartment. You know, so I called the guy, had a 10 minute, 15 minute conversation when I'm and explained it. So he said that yeah, that he was familiar with the, you know, with the building documents, regulatory agreement. That it is okay to rent for a specific, you know, period of time. And I said listen, all I want you to do is explain it to them so that they're not causing any issue, you know, people were at the building. Those people are most likely not going to rent the apartment, you know, because you come in there and that's the welcome you get, you know. And I think Latifa also had an issue with it. I was waiting for her call so that I can discuss it. I think I talked her down. Oh, yeah. Yeah, she also approached me. It was a night that I was going like to do laundry or something. I don't know, either 9 p.m. and she was really not having it. And I tried to explain, but she wouldn't let me explain. Well, I was waiting for the call. I think she's going to, I'm sorry. It's so hard to tell her to call me. I don't explain that. I think she might come to you to rent out her apartment now. Well, all right. I told her what was going on and she said she was interested. She told her it's only for one to two years now, one, one, 12, 20, one. Yeah. I mean, I don't know if the details got in. But no, chances are they did. Yeah. But I'll explain to her. I mean, that's why you have, you know, building documents. And it's over there. Anything else? I think we'll get there. Thanks, Eugene. All right. Thank you. Thank you, guys. I'm going to go to the next gym. Good luck in court. Thank you. Thank you. Bye. Thank you.